.\" Man page for the Wapiti project.
.TH wapiti-cookie 1 http://wapiti.sourceforge.net/ "Version 2.3.0" http://wapiti.sourceforge.net/
.SH NAME
wapiti-cookie \- A Wapiti utility to fetch cookies from a webpage and store them in the Wapiti JSON format.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wapiti-cookie
[\-p PROXY_URL] COOKIE_FILE URL [ARG1=VAL1] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
wapiti-cookie can be used to fill a web-form from your terminal and obtain the cookies sent by the remote server.
Cookie information is stored in JSON format in the COOKIE_FILE given as the first parameter.
.br
Parameters sent through HTTP POST must be given in the form ARG_NAME=ARG_VALUE without whitespaces.
If the parameter name or its value contains some special bash characters, escape them or put the whole
ARG_NAME=ARG_VALUE between (double-)quotes.
.br
Those cookies can be then loaded by Wapiti using the \-c option.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-proxy\fR=\fIPROXY_URL\fR
To specify a proxy. Currently supported proxies are HTTP and HTTPS.
.br
This option can be called twice to specify the HTTP and the HTTPS proxies.
.br
Example:
.br
.RS
.RS
\-p http://proxy:port/
.RE
.RE
.SH LICENCE
.B Wapiti
is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2.
.br
Please read the COPYING file for more information. 
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Nicolas Surribas.
.SH AUTHORS
Nicolas Surribas
.br
David del Pozo
.br
Alberto Pastor
.SH BUG REPORTS
If you find a bug in Wapiti please report it to http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=168625
.SH SEE ALSO
The README file that comes with Wapiti gives more detailed information on the options.
.\" Vim for teh win!
